Debianized by Russ Allbery <rra@debian.org>                     2006-06-22

It was downloaded from:

  <http://www.eyrie.org/~eagle/software/krb5-strength/>

Upstream authors:

  Derrick Brashear <shadow@dementia.org>, based on previous work done by
  Booker Bense <bbense@stanford.edu>.  It contains code from CrackLib by
  Alec Muffett, but which has since somewhat diverged.

Debian packaging copyright:

  The Debian packaging is covered under the same license as the rest of
  the package.

The krb5-strength package as a whole is:

  Copyright 2006, 2007, 2009, 2010 Board of Trustees, Leland Stanford Jr.
  University.  All rights reserved.

and released under the following license:

  Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its
  documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby granted,
  provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that
  both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear in
  supporting documentation, and that the name of Stanford University not
  be used in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of the
  software without specific, written prior permission.  Stanford
  University makes no representations about the suitability of this
  software for any purpose.  It is provided "as is" without express or
  implied warranty.

  THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
  WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
  MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

All individual files with no other license statement are released under
this license.  Some files have additional copyright dates from earlier
releases or may be owned by other copyright holders as noted in those
files.  Some files are individually released under different licenses,
all of which are compatible with the above general package license.

The version of CrackLib included here, and all modifications made to it as
part of this toolkit, is covered by the Artistic License.  This applies to
all files in cracklib/*.  It is covered by the following copyright
statement:

  Copyright 1993 Alec Muffett

  The author disclaims all responsibility or liability with respect to
  it's usage or its effect upon hardware or computer systems, and
  maintains copyright as set out in the "LICENCE" document which
  accompanies distributions of Crack v4.0 and upwards.

CrackLib is licensed under the Artistic License, which may be found on
Debian systems in /usr/share/common-licenses/Artistic.

Collected copyright notices for the entire package:

  Copyright 2000, 2001, 2004, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009
      Russ Allbery <rra@stanford.edu>
  Copyright 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010
      Board of Trustees, Leland Stanford Jr. University
  Copyright (c) 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009
      by Internet Systems Consortium, Inc. ("ISC")
  Copyright (c) 1991, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001,
      2002, 2003 by The Internet Software Consortium and Rich Salz
  Copyright 1995 Patrick Powell
  Copyright 1996, 1997 Brandon Long <blong@fiction.net>
  Copyright 1998 Thomas Roessler <roessler@guug.de>
  Copyright 1998 Michael Elkins <me@cs.hmc.edu>
  Copyright 1998 Andrew Tridgell <tridge@samba.org>
  Copyright 2000, 2005 Hrvoje Niksic <hniksic@xemacs.org>
  Copyright 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001,
      2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009
      Free Software Foundation, Inc.
  Copyright 1994 X Consortium

The files portable/asprintf.c, portable/dummy.c, portable/macros.h,
portable/stdbool.h, portable/strlcat.c, portable/strlcpy.c, and
portable/system.h have been placed in the public domain by their author.
You may do anything you like with that code, although I would strongly
prefer that any improvements or modifications be sent to me
(rra@stanford.edu) so that I can continue to maintain a canonical version.

The files tests/portable/snprintf.c, tests/portable/strlcat.c, and
tests/portable/strlcpy.c are released under the following
copyright and license:

  Copyright 2009 Russ Allbery <rra@stanford.edu>
  Copyright 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010
      Board of Trustees, Leland Stanford Jr. University
  Copyright (c) 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009
      by Internet Systems Consortium, Inc. ("ISC")
  Copyright (c) 1991, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001,
      2002, 2003 by The Internet Software Consortium and Rich Salz

  This code is derived from software contributed to the Internet Software
  Consortium by Rich Salz.

  Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any
  purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above
  copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.

  THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND ISC DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH
  REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
  MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS.  IN NO EVENT SHALL ISC BE LIABLE FOR ANY
  SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
  WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN
  ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF
  OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.

The file portable/snprintf.c is released under the following license:

  This code is based on code written by Patrick Powell (papowell@astart.com)
  It may be used for any purpose as long as this notice remains intact
  on all source code distributions

The file tests/runtests.c is released under the following copyright and
license:

  Copyright 2000, 2001, 2004, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009
      Russ Allbery <rra@stanford.edu>

  Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a
  copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
  "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
  without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
  distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
  permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
  the following conditions:

  The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included
  in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

  THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS
  OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
  MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
  CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
  TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
  SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

The files Makefile.in and aclocal.m4 are generated by GNU Automake and
released under the following copyright and license:

  Copyright (C) 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002,
  2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009 Free Software Foundation, Inc.
  This file is free software; the Free Software Foundation
  gives unlimited permission to copy and/or distribute it,
  with or without modifications, as long as this notice is preserved.

  This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
  but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law; without
  even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A
  PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

The file configure is generated by GNU Autoconf and is released under the
following copyright and license:

  Copyright (C) 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001,
  2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009 Free Software Foundation,
  Inc.  This configure script is free software; the Free Software
  Foundation gives unlimited permission to copy, distribute and modify it.

The files m4/libtool.m4, m4/ltoptions.m4, m4/ltsugar.m4, m4/ltversion.m4,
and m4/lt~obsolete.m4 are from GNU Libtool and are released under the
following copyright and license:

  Copyright (C) 1995, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2003, 2004, 2005,
  2007, 2008 Free Software Foundation, Inc.

  This file is free software; the Free Software Foundation gives unlimited
  permission to copy and/or distribute it, with or without modifications,
  as long as this notice is preserved.

The files build-aux/compile, build-aux/depcomp, and build-aux/missing are
taken from GNU Automake.  The files build-aux/config.guess and
build-aux/config.sub are taken from the Debian autotools-dev package.  The
file build-aux/ltmain.sh is taken from GNU Libtool.  All of these files
are released under the following copyright and license:

  Copyright (C) 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000,
  2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009 Free Software
  Foundation, Inc.

  This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
  under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the
  Free Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option) any
  later version.

  This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
  WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
  MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
  General Public License for more details.

  As a special exception to the GNU General Public License, if you
  distribute this file as part of a program that contains a configuration
  script generated by Autoconf, you may include it under the same
  distribution terms that you use for the rest of that program.

For the krb5-strength distribution, the option described in the last
paragraph has been accepted and these files are distributed under the same
terms as the krb5-strength package as a whole, as described at the top of
this file.

The file build-aux/install-sh is released under the following copyright
and license:

  Copyright (C) 1994 X Consortium

  Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a
  copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
  "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
  without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
  distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
  permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
  the following conditions:

  The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included
  in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

  THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS
  OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
  MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE X CONSORTIUM BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR
  OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,
  ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
  OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

  Except as contained in this notice, the name of the X Consortium shall
  not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or
  other dealings in this Software without prior written authorization
  from the X Consortium.

  FSF changes to this file are in the public domain.
